Now, was it surprising to you that Tesla's not using Lidar
despite its plans to offer level four and even level five autonomous driving really soon.
Well unlike Uber or Waymo and several others,
Tesla has really convinced that the set of cameras coupled with
radar and ultrasonic sensors will be sufficient for full autonomy.
At the time of recording this video,
there is a really fierce debate going on
about the best sensor set of autonomous vehicles.
Tesla always argues that the price and
the packaging issues are the ones which make Lidar really unattractive to customers.
Some critics disagree, and they say that
the safety requirement movements of autonomous vehicles,
they cannot be met with cameras and radar alone.
In my opinion, as with many tech competitions before,
be it mono camera verses stereo,
or in the 1980's,
VHS verses Betamax, price customer value and
eventually success on the major markets around the world would decide.
Interestingly, despite the debate on whether
radar or lidar or a combination of the two would be best,
cameras are never in question.
It's there for a really good idea to learn about cameras and computer vision,
which we will do in great detail in this course.
Now let's continue to look at some of the criteria
for selecting autonomous vehicle sensors.